It's over. It's over.
My White Tiger Club is completely over
I know wrong
I, I, I shouldn't have made you rude
It shouldn't be right, it's good, no, no
You shouldn't be mean to the truth
I was wrong, I was wrong, big brother, I was wrong, I was wrong.
Since the White Tiger Society has joined the Heaven and Earth Alliance
Then deal with it according to the rules of the alliance.
OK
According to the regulations
There can only be one left between the White Tiger and your son
Wait for me, your white tiger will join my heaven and earth alliance
Don't you even know about Covenant 36?
Humiliate and kill brothers
Disrespect for big brother
Die under the chaos of the east
I was wrong, Dad. I was wrong.
I was wrong.
I was wrong dad
Dad, I'm your son.
Dad
Ah I am your son
Let's go
Don't blame Dad